README.md, before:

# usc-rotate-keys-gha

A Github action for rotating the keys for `usc`.

This currently only rotates the keys for a single repo. If you are using the
keys in more than one project, you have to use a different approach.

## Setup

- Add an action below to your workflow.
- Create a [Github Personal Access Token (PAT)](https://github.com/settings/tokens) with full repo access.
- Add the required secrets (:gear:**Settings|Secrets**)
  -  `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
  -  `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
  -  `PAT` (the above PAT)
- If your names are different from the defaults change them.
- Push it, then watch the Action tab on Github.

### Action

```yaml
# Rotate keys in current repo with default names
- name: Rotate keys default names
  uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
  with:
    aws_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}}
    aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}}
    token: ${{secrets.PAT}} # PAT with repo write access


# Rotate keys in current repo with changed names
- name: Rotate keys default names
  uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
  with:
    aws_access_key: ${{secrets.USC_KEY}}
    aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.USC_SECRET}}
    key: 'USC_KEY'
    secret: 'USC_SECRET'
    token: ${{secrets.PAT}} # PAT with repo write access
```

### Example workflow

Here's a full example.

```yaml
# .github/workflows/rotate-keys.yml
name: Rotate keys
on:
  schedule: # Run every other month (the token is old after 90 days)
    - cron: '0 11 1 */2 *'
  workflow_dispatch: # Allow running from the UI

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Dump GitHub context, for debugging
        env:
          GITHUB_CONTEXT: ${{ toJson(github) }}
        run: echo "$GITHUB_CONTEXT"

        # Rotate keys
      - name: Rotate Keys
        uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
        with:
          aws_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}}
          aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}}
```

### Parameters

| Name | Description | Default |
-------|-------------|----------|
| aws_access_key | The AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | required |
| aws_secret_access_key | The AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | required |
| key | The name of the key to update | AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID |
| secret | The name of the secret to update | AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |
| project | The name of the repo with the secrets | current repo |
| token | A Github Personal Access Token (PAT) | required |

Commit message:

Updated docs with support for multiple repos

README.md, after:

# usc-rotate-keys-gha

A Github action for rotating the keys for `usc`.

Default configuration only rotates the keys for current repo. If using
the keys in more than one project, you must explicitly give a comma separated
list of repos as `project:` arguments.

## Setup

- Add an action below to your workflow.
- Create a [Github Personal Access Token (PAT)](https://github.com/settings/tokens) with full repo access.
- Add the required secrets (:gear:**Settings|Secrets**)
  -  `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
  -  `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
  -  `PAT` (the above PAT)
- If your names are different from the defaults change them.
- Push it, then watch the Action tab on Github.

### Action

```yaml
# Rotate keys in current repo with default names
- name: Rotate keys default names
  uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
  with:
    aws_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}}
    aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}}
    token: ${{secrets.PAT}} # PAT with repo write access


# Rotate keys in current repo with changed names
- name: Rotate keys default names
  uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
  with:
    aws_access_key: ${{secrets.USC_KEY}}
    aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.USC_SECRET}}
    key: 'USC_KEY'
    secret: 'USC_SECRET'
    token: ${{secrets.PAT}} # PAT with repo write access

# Rotate keys in multiple repos with default names
- name: Rotate keys default names
  uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
  with:
    aws_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}}
    aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}}
    token: ${{secrets.PAT}} # PAT with repo write access
    project: 'owner/repo1,owner/repo2,owner/repo3'

```

### Example workflow

Here's a full example.

```yaml
# .github/workflows/rotate-keys.yml
name: Rotate keys
on:
  schedule: # Run every other month (the token is old after 90 days)
    - cron: '0 11 1 */2 *'
  workflow_dispatch: # Allow running from the UI

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Dump GitHub context, for debugging
        env:
          GITHUB_CONTEXT: ${{ toJson(github) }}
        run: echo "$GITHUB_CONTEXT"

        # Rotate keys
      - name: Rotate Keys
        uses: mammutmw/usc-rotate-keys-gha@v1.0.0
        with:
          aws_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID}}
          aws_secret_access_key: ${{secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}}
```

### Parameters

| Name | Description | Default |
-------|-------------|----------|
| aws_access_key | The AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID | required |
| aws_secret_access_key | The AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | required |
| key | The name of the key to update | AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID |
| secret | The name of the secret to update | AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |
| project | The name of the repo with the secrets or a comma separated list of
multiple repos | current repo |
| token | A Github Personal Access Token (PAT) | required |
